Show how to enrich spans with custom events and tags (#15344)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/00-serverless/svls-12-use-opentelemetry-client.md

---

> title: Customize Function Traces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Customize Function traces
```

## Steps

> Following code samples ilustrate how to enrich the default trace with custom spans, event and tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code samples illustrate how to enrich the default trace with custom spans, events, and tags:
```
